Expanding Midtown
Tara Robbins, who runs the Midtown Raleigh Alliance, said the Midtown moniker really started sticking in the mid-2000s. Her organization, which is supported by property owners in the area, was founded in 2011.

She said Midtown is now considered the two-mile radius around North Hills — which, she said, makes Midtown East a logical name for the Wake Forest Road corridor.

That area, she said, has been underdeveloped and is ripe for transformation. The nearby Lifetime Fitness property could be the next big redevelopment, she said.

“Raleigh is lucky to have these little unique pockets like Midtown,” she said, which can attract great brands and retailers.

But for many long-term Raleigh residents, the Midtown area will always just be called North Hills. A post on the “You Know You Grew Up In Raleigh….” Facebook page, a home for people born in a much smaller Raleigh, received a lotk of comments wary of the Midtown moniker.

For Raleigh resident Cathy Hurlocker Evans, who posted on the thread, she doesn’t care what they call the area. She’s just glad to see that someone is doing something with the former Alcatel property, where her dad used to work.

“It was sad to see the property sitting vacant for so long,” she said. “So I was very happy to see they were finally doing something with it.”

To Evans, the Midtown name works because the North Hills aRea has been so radically transformed over the past 15 years.

“I don’t have any issue with the name “Midtown” being applied to North Hills because the nature of the area dramatically changed,” she said. “... So while I still think of the mall and immediate area as ‘North Hills’ what makes it ‘Midtown’ is the concerts on the green, the music series, the restaurants and the mixed-use nature of the area.”

She hopes the development can make it another community destination, rather Rather than just another anoother place to buy groceries.

Widmayer, from Regency, hopes so, too.

"The idea is we want this to be a place that you come on a daily basis to meet the needs of your life," he said.
